[Work in Progress] EOG In Practice: CW23 (#91)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/eog-in-practice/cw23/feasibility-stage/fs-budget.rst

.. _cw23-fs-budget:

CW23 Budget
=============

The main budget items for a hybrid CW23 will be:

 - Venue hire
 - Audio/Visual
 - Catering
 - Registrations, travel and accommodation for invited speakers, Steering Committee members, and other key invitees
 - Eventbrite fee
 - Prizes for First, Second and Third place Collaborative Ideas groups
 - Prizes for First, Second and Third place Hack Day teams
 - Prizes for Feedback and COVID-19 self-testing raffles
 - Financial assistance for participants

Some of these costs can be covered by income from registrations (estimated registration cost £275 for in-person participation and £50 for remote participation) and sponsorship.

> This registration fee is a slight increase from previous years (£250) due to the generally increased costs of everything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This registration fee is a slight increase from previous years (£250) to allow some offset for the cost of living crisis price inflation of 2022-2023.
```
